Previously on Grimm...
Diana?
Mommy.
Adalind, I'd like you to
meet Conrad Bonaparte.
Your present relationship is very
unhealthy for you and Kelly.
Your future is with us.
Not with the Grimm.
Occultatum...
Libera.
Theo Delano.
Why are you following me?
He's a Skalengeck who
joined Black Claw six months ago.
So, Theo was Black Claw.
We all need to start
watching our backs.
You've
run out of time, Adalind.
We need an answer. Now.
Adalind!
"I'm doing
something I have to do.
"I don't expect you to ever
understand what I've done,
"but it's the only way
to protect my children.
"And I don't expect you to
believe this, but I love you.
"I'm sorry."
No!
No, this is not
going to happen.
Hello, this
is Detective Hank Griffin.
Please leave a message.
I'm here to see...
We know who you are.
Ms. Schade has arrived.
We'll get your bags.
I'm glad
you're here.
I would've sent a car.
And then you would've found
out where Nick lives.
I can't make it
that easy on you.
Could have just called
the cab company.
You assume
I took only one?
You brought Kelly.
I wasn't sure
what you'd do.
Where's Diana?
Now that you're here,
they will bring her.
Why isn't she here now?
Because they wanted to
make sure you came alone.
Let me make something
perfectly clear.
You and I do not have
complete control here.
Welcome home.
What are you
going to tell Nick?
He's going to figure out
we're with you,
and he's not going
to be happy about it.
I'll deal with Burkhardt.
He may just deal
with you, too.
I'm sure he'd love to,
but now that Kelly's here,
his options are limited.
What if you lose
the election tomorrow?
Will we still be here?
You do realize that
Kelly's one of us.
Mother's a Hexenbiest,
father's a Grimm.
Nothing happens to my son.
I'll treat him
as I would my own.
That's reassuring.
You gave our daughter away.
I know what
that did to you.
And what it did to me,
but now we have
Diana and Kelly.
Like it or not,
we're a family.
You made
the right decision.
Renard!
No!
No.
I killed him.
It felt good.
Do it.
Come on, do it.
I said do it.
Show me what I am.
No.
Uh...
No. No. No.
I have to control...
I have to stop...
I did it!
I did it.
And with the
elections just a few hours...
How much longer
are you going to work?
Almost got it.
Some of us are
ready to go to bed.
And some of us are working
on a very complicated
self-winding Breguet
with a gong-spring.
Well, I'm going to bed
and unless you join me
in the next few minutes...
You're going to be the
one who's self-winding tonight.
And I'm done.
Monroe,
Rosalee, it's me.
What's wrong?
Adalind's gone.
What?
What do you mean,
"She's gone"?
She left me
and she took Kelly.
She didn't say anything?
She left a note.
She said that
she didn't have a choice
and she had to do this
to protect her children.
Oh, my God! Nick!
Renard was pressuring her.
I mean, she told me
she was afraid
that he was going to use
Diana to get to her.
You think
she's with Renard?
I went to his place
and it was completely empty.
Empty? What,
like, moved out?
Yes.
Wait.
When did she tell you
about Renard?
A couple of nights ago.
That's when she came
and dropped off Kelly with me.
She said it was about work, but
when she came back to pick him up,
I could tell she was upset
about something.
You think
it was about Diana?
Meisner told me Diana
was with Black Claw.
How did they find her?
I don't know.
Probably Renard.
Diana's how they got
to Adalind.
I'll tell you that.
That's why she left.
I'm not going to let him do this.
No! No! No!
I can't let him take my son!
Nick, you gotta
think about this.
I mean, do we even know
where they are right now?
Anything you do
could jeopardize Kelly.
We need to talk this out.
They're here.
Mommy!
Oh...
Do you want to meet your baby brother?
Come here.
His name's Kelly.
I want to hold him.
Oh, I don't know, sweetie,
he's very young.
Adalind.
I know this was not
an easy decision for you.
You held my daughter
hostage.
We want this to work.
This family is important
to all of us
and having you all together
ensures our place
in history, huh?
He likes me!
Hi!
It's really not a good idea
to pick up a baby like that.
And I think it's bedtime.
Assuming there are
beds for us?
Yeah. I'll show you.
Come on, honey.
Okay.
Nick, think about it.
We're talking about a candidate
in the middle of an election,
where the first candidate
was assassinated.
So, he's got, like,
maximum protection.
You're not going to
get close to Renard.
And even if you do, if you
kill him, you're done.
You'll never get
away with that.
And you'll definitely
never see Kelly again.
Which is exactly
what Black Claw would want.
On top of which, Adalind's a
lawyer at a Wesen law firm,
so your chances of getting Kelly
back legally aren't so hot either.
We need to think
of another way around this.
You need to tell Meisner
what happened.
Hadrian's Wall probably
knows a lot more
about what's going on
than we do.
And if you're going to HW,
we're going with you.
Black Claw still has people
watching us right now.
After what happened with Wu,
they're getting more aggressive.
We can't risk them
finding out about HW.
Now, can you two get out of
here without being seen?
I think so. If we go out the
back door and over the fence,
it's basically woods down
to the street below.
So meet us down there.
I'll deal with
whoever follows me.
Meet me in 15.
I think we should wear
something black.
Black?
Stay here.
He's mine.
I lost him.
Sorry, I'm in a hurry.
You lose them?
Sort of.
We got a Portland location on
the guys we took out in Nevada.
Nevada?
Where HW was keeping Diana
before Black Claw got to her.
We traced their addresses
to Portland.
They're concentrating
their forces here.
We're all being watched.
Yeah, we know.
Black Claw is
all over you guys.
You got identities
on any of them?
Most of them.
I assume you lost
the two following you?
For good.
I'll update the database.
Black Claw's moving a lot of
people around the Northwest.
Lucien's been sighted
in Seattle.
They've lost
a lot of people, too.
They're replacing them just
as fast as we're taking them out.
Glad you're all here.
Take a look at this.
Sort of a Black Claw
corporate structure.
These are the top
Black Claw operatives
that we know of,
alive or dead,
listed based on their
position in the organization.
The blank spots are
positions we know exist,
but we don't yet know
who's filling them.
As you can see,
Renard is near the top now.
The red X's are the ones
we've killed.
You said you thought something
was happening with Adalind.
Diana was mentally contacting Adalind
and I somehow intercepted it.
Like a twin telepathy
experience.
Sort of got her
wires crossed.
Did you go home?
Was Adalind there?
No, Adalind left me.
Took Kelly with her.
Oh, crap.
Do you have any idea
where Adalind and Kelly are?
My guess is Renard.
Your being here means
you haven't killed him yet.
Not yet.
How do we get Kelly back?
Not by going after Renard.
Black Claw's gone through a lot of
trouble to put him in that position.
They've even created
a family for him.
Makes him more electable.
Well, electable or not, none of
us are voting for him tomorrow.
Just for the record.
I need to know where Renard is
and how well he's protected.
We know where he is.
Black Claw has him at a heavily
guarded house in the Northeast.
You go after Renard there,
you will not survive.
Don't forget,
they have Kelly.
I'm can't stand by and do nothing.
They have my son.
You have no choice!
They will expect
you to be emotional
and they will take
advantage of that.
Well, that's easy
for you to say.
He's not your kid.
No, he's not.
We have to help him.
Well, not by doing
something stupid.
Keep an eye on him.
Okay.
Where was it?
In the jacket on the chair.
How long is this
going to take?
It's gonna take as
long as it takes.
Leave the door unlocked.
I thought I heard something.
Is everything all right?
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to wake you.
I was a little cold.
Just turned up the heat.
Come on.
Let's go back to bed.
Sleep tight, sweetie.
I love you.
Good night.
What are you doing?
I didn't do that.
Well, I didn't.
Well, isn't that
sweet of her?
She obviously
wants us together.
Whether we want it or not.
It's only natural.
We're her parents.
She may be our daughter,
but we need to be careful.
No one knows how powerful Diana is.
No one.
She's still a little girl.
Don't underestimate
little girls.
I don't.
I just suggest we find a
way to make this work.
Look, we did have
some good times together.
Is that what
you're looking for?
More good times?
I think you need to
get with the program.
Look, I know this is
awkward and difficult.
Thanks for catching up.
I just need to ask. Did you
fall in love with Burkhardt?
Now you ask? Well, we're
supposed to be a family.
How do you suggest
we start doing that?
Not in the bedroom.
I'm not the same
Hexenbiest I was.
I'll take what I can get.
That's what you're going to get.
You want more?
I think I'm good.
Then get the hell out
of my bedroom.
You must have fallen harder
for Burkhardt than I thought.
Hey.
Did Meisner tell you
to follow me?
He did. But I would've
done it anyway.
Look, I want you to know
that I'm with you on this.
Lam going to help you
however I can.
Adalind left me a note.
What did she say?
She said she had to do
what she did.
You believe her?
Yeah.
And she said
she loved me.
Yeah, well, I knew that.
Wasn't hard to tell.
I want my son back.
Nick, if you want to go after
Renard right now, I'm with you.
I got no problem takin'
him down. Let's do it.
No, as long as he has Kelly,
it's too much of a risk.
It's him.
This should be interesting.
Yeah.
We need to talk.
Where's my son?
He's safe.
You're not.
Neither are you.
But we still need to talk.
Face to face.
I suggest we meet
on neutral ground.
My office. In one hour.
I'll be there.
He wants to meet in
his office in one hour.
I could leave right now. Take
him out in the parking lot.
You wouldn't be involved.
No.
Thanks.
I want to hear
what he has to say.
So what do you
want me to do?
Stay here.
And I mean it.
Okay.
Hey!
Come on!
Oh, my God!
What happened?
Do you know this guy?
No.
I've never seen him before.
I gotta call this in.
This is Detective Griffin
reporting a B and E.
Five eighteen,
Southwest Lambert.
Suspect's been detained.
You okay?
No, no. I just... I can't believe
that someone just broke...
Broke into my house.
I'm so glad you were here.
Thank God.
You wanted to talk?
Talk.
I'm not your enemy.
You have Adalind
and my son.
Doesn't exactly
make you my friend.
Believe it or not,
I know how you feel.
Now, a couple of years ago,
I gave my daughter away
to your mother because I
trusted her and I trusted you.
You were asked.
I was asked,
but I wasn't given
much choice.
I wasn't given any.
Nick, sometimes the only way to protect
the ones you love is to let them go.
And sometimes the only way
to protect the ones you love
is to kill the people
who threaten them.
What do you think?
You were going to settle down with
Adalind and have a normal life?
A Grimm and a Hexenbiest.
I know what you're doing.
Do you?
You're working
for Black Claw.
They killed Dixon
so you could take his place.
They set you up
to be a hero.
What is it you think
I don't know?
That you are one of us.
Like it or not,
you're a Grimm,
and you understand
how things really work.
The Kehrseite have
had the world
for too long
and they've ruined it.
Our world will be more
violent, more primitive,
but that is the only way
to true progress.
You've really bought
into this.
It's time for Wesen to
come out of the shadows,
Nick, and they're going to.
Believe me.
With or without me...
With or without you.
You were the first Grimm
to fight alongside Wesen.
They haven't forgotten that.
They want Grimms with them,
not against them.
Black Claw will kill any Wesen
who doesn't agree with them.
They're murderers.
We all have blood
on our hands, Nick.
This is a revolution and
revolutions are forged in blood.
What about all the people
who aren't Wesen?
That depends on us.
Work with me.
Together we can keep
the bloodshed to a minimum.
I want my son back.
If you join us, you can
have anything you want.
Just think about that.
Most of the world
doesn't even know we exist.
How can they fight an enemy
that they don't believe in?
Nick, this is not a fight
that you're going to win.
I don't think there are going
to be any winners in this one.
Why do you have to go?
Something doesn't feel right
about this guy.
What do you mean?
That guy breaks into your house,
but doesn't take anything?
Well, maybe
he heard you coming.
Or maybe he might've
been here for me.
YOU, Why?
Cops make enemies.
And I have to find out
if he's one of mine.
An officer will be outside your
door for the rest of the night.
Lock your door.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'll call you
as soon as I can.
Hank, I found his car
just down the street.
Show me.
Bad smell comin' from inside
so I figured I had good cause.
I found some paraphernalia in the
glove box, along with some pills,
Valium I think,
some ecstasy, amphetamines,
basically a drug store.
And there's a laptop
under that passenger seat.
Registration?
None that I could find.
I ran the plates but they
didn't belong to this car.
Plates were reported stolen from
Astoria couple of weeks ago.
You check the trunk?
Yeah.
Seventeen more sets
of stolen plates,
a 12-gauge pump shotgun,
and a dead cat.
Which explains
the bad smell.
Well, the cat didn't die
in vain.
Impound the car.
Dust it.
I'm taking the computer.
Right.
How'd it go?
He's still alive?
For now.
Well, what did he say?
He tried to recruit me.
No way.
Seriously?
They want Grimms
on their side.
Yeah, that makes sense.
They wanna keep their heads.
Look, Nick, I wish there
was something I could do.
What?
There's something
I need to show you.
Okay...
When Monroe and I went to
Germany with the keys...
You found something...
Stay here.
Ran your perp's ID but no
matches at Motor Vehicles.
ID's a fake and
a damn good one.
It's harder to fake
fingerprints.
So, meet Anthony "Tony"
Talamonti, 34, lot of drug issues
and an arrest
three years ago involving
some hacker collective
called Robotomy.
"Robotomy"?
Yeah, like lobotomy
for robots, I guess.
So why does
a drug-addicted hacker
break into an apartment
and not steal anything?
Maybe you caught him
on the way in.
No, no, he was on his way out.
He was at the door, leaving.
Then you got me.
I still can't make sense
of the dead cat in his trunk.
Unless it was a pet he just
couldn't say goodbye to.
Any luck with the computer?
No, it has a password.
I'm gonna have Tech
get into it.
Anything else?
No, not for now.
Thanks.
What is it?
It looks really old.
It's not Pandora's box,
is it?
No, I'm not really sure.
But we've already
opened it.
With the keys?
Yeah.
So this really is
what they buried?
It is.
It's not just a stick.
Um, it looks like
just a stick.
Does it do anything?
I think it saved
Monroe's life.
What? How?
He was bitten on his arm.
It was infected.
He had blood poisoning.
He started passing out
and this was in my hand.
And I grabbed him
and he just...
The wound healed.
It completely disappeared.
Were you sure that this
piece of wood did that?
No, we're not sure
of anything.
But one of the words
on this cloth
translates to "miracle."
Oh, wow. Miracle, okay.
Looks like it broke off
of something.
Yeah, but off of what?
Some of the other words
translate to dangerous,
threatening, hazardous
or perilous.
Well, what's the dangerous,
hazardous, perilous part?
We're not sure.
Okay, if it has the power to
heal, what else can it do?
And where does
its power come from?
Well, I think that depends
on what you believe in.
Well, the Crusaders who buried
this hundreds of years ago
had to believe
it came from God, right?
I mean that's what
the Crusades were about.
So? Does it prove God exists?
Damn! That's kind of big.
Let me show you
where I put it.
We cannot let Black Claw
find this, ever.
And I don't want HW
knowing about it either.
Well, who does know
about it?
Hank, Wu, Monroe, Rosalee
and now you.
What about Adalind?
I didn't tell her.
Yeah.
It's a good idea
considering...
You're a Grimm.
If anything happens to me,
you and only you
know where this is.
Portlanders are turning out
in record numbers
for today's mayoral election
and the polls indicate this race
is still too close to call.
How'd it go?
Renard called Nick
last night.
He went to go see him.
Renard tried to convince him
to join Black Claw.
Didn't have much luck.
How's Burkhardt
handling all this?
As good as he can.
You're angry.
Yeah.
Just a little.
Don't make mistakes.
Working on it.
Does he blame Adalind?
No, he thinks
she didn't have a choice.
What do you think?
No. What do you think?
I think you have more anger
than you know what to do with.
Hey! You didn't answer
my question.
I think there is a choice even
when there appears to be none.
But it's the reaction
that determines
whether the choice
is good or bad.
Not the person
who makes it.
And what would
Juliette think?
I don't go there.
Too dangerous.
You're here early.
Been here all night.
I thought you had a date.
I did.
Had a little B and E action.
Got the guy. He's Wesen.
Not going to
even guess what.
I was waiting to interrogate
him till you got here.
On a B and E?
Yeah, a B and E where he was
leaving without taking.
I caught him leaving
empty-handed.
I ID'd the guy.
He's Tony Talamonti.
So, how'd Tony come in?
Windows were closed
and locked.
He had to come through
the front door.
Did Zuri leave
the door unlocked?
She left it unlocked for me
when I came over, earlier.
Could've been a mistake.
But I think the guy
was there for me.
I'm thinking
he's Black Claw.
Sounds like we both
had a rough night.
What'd I miss?
Adalind left me.
Took Kelly with her.
What?
And she left me a note.
Said she didn't
have a choice.
Which I'm pretty sure
means they have Diana.
Do you know
where she is?
With Renard.
Oh. This just keeps
getting better.
Yeah, we had a pretty interesting
talk at 3:00 this morning.
And he's still alive?
He has my son.
Kind of complicates things.
I don't have a son. Do you
want me to talk to him?
Maybe later.
Right now,
we have to figure out
if your guy's connected
to Black Claw.
How do we do that? These guys
aren't big on admitting stuff.
I'll push him,
see if he Woges.
But if he is Black Claw,
won't he know you're a Grimm?
Yeah. So if he Woges,
he's not Black Claw.
If he doesn't,
he knows I'm a Grimm,
and he's trying
to fake us out.
So we fake out
the fake out.
Exactly.
Hey! Nice ID, Tony.
How much it cost you?
Yeah, we got you on
breaking and entering,
assaulting an officer,
drugs in the car.
Be a lot easier
if you open up a little.
if you just let me go.
What happened
to your hand?
You worried about me?
We're trying to work
with you, Tony.
Give you a chance
to drop a few charges.
I can tell you guys are
really concerned for my well-being.
Why'd you pick that house?
What house?
What were you after?
You Woged in front
of my partner.
You wanna do it again?
"Woged"?
Not sure I know
what you mean.
You're Wesen.
What's that?
You really want me
to explain it to you?
Yeah, why don't you try?
Now what?
Had enough?
Nothing?
No.
He definitely knows who I am.
And who you are.
All right. So how do you
want to handle this?
You saw him Woge?
Yeah, gotta say, whatever
he is, is bad-ass nasty.
Until we figure out
what he is,
I don't think we should
do anything else.
Pick him out in the books?
Let's hope he's in one of 'em.
Let's go.
Wu...
Morning.
How you feeling?
Gotta say, pretty good.
Dreams?
Some, but I think
I'm getting a handle on it.
One thing I know,
I need to stay busy.
Being alone in my apartment
may not be all that healthy.
Got something for me?
We do.
We want to keep you busy.
Mmm-hmm.
Got this off
a B and E last night.
Love to know what's on it.
Password protected.
Not for long.
No hair?
More buggy.
Spinnetod buggy or Mellifer
or Jinnamuru Xunte buggy?
No, no, bigger, with kind
of a shield on its face.
Well, the shields, you've got
your Musasat Alsh-Shabab.
And there's always the Kackenkopf.
I hate them.
I got one right here.
Oh, yeah.
That's our Tony.
Tony? His name's Tony,
the guy you arrested?
And he's a Kackenkopf?
Yeah.
Well, he had a fake ID, but his
real name is Anthony Talamonti.
Oh, my God, it's Tony.
Seattle Tony?
You know this guy?
Yeah, she does.
It's the same guy that was
here in the spice shop
when we were in Germany when
Adalind got her Hexenbiest back.
What did he do?
Well, not much after Adalind broke
all five fingers in his left hand.
We think he's working
for Black Claw.
And he was here in the shop
and he's following you now?
This is... Yeah, this is
getting a little scary.
I want to see this guy.
Five minutes, man, just give
me five minutes with this guy.
It's Wu.
Wu, what do you got?
Since Hank gave me the laptop,
I would normally call him,
but because of what I found on
the laptop, I'm calling you.
What'd you find?
You have
your cell phone?
Um, yeah.
Well, apparently,
so did he.
Everything on your cell phone
is now on this guy's computer.
Every email you've made,
every text you've sent,
all of your contacts.
I wouldn't be using
that phone if I were you.
I knew something was wrong.
That's why the phone
was in my left pocket.
I normally put it
in my right.
He put the phone back
in the wrong pocket.
Thanks, Wu.
I did kinda nail it,
didn't I?
You did. Thanks.
Hang on to the laptop.
I want to take it
over to HW.
You got it.
Well, we still don't know how Tony
got into Zuri's in the first place.
There was no signs
of forced entry.
Do you think Zuri
unlocked the door for him?
I thought I heard something.
Is everything all right?
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to wake you.
I was a little cold.
Just turned up the heat.
She could have.
Could this be the reason that she
got involved with you again?
There are some things
that aren't adding up.
I don't know, Hank. Maybe
it was just an accident.
No, I don't believe
in accidents.
If she's Black Claw, she's
not going to admit it.
Not unless we make her.
Exit polls
indicate that Sean Renard
has strong support
across the city.
But Steven Gallagher
is showing strong support
in the North
and Northeast.
The polls close in just about 45
minutes and we will be bringing you...
What are you
going to win, Daddy?
Well, if I get enough votes,
then I become the Mayor.
Is a Mayor fun?
I hope so.
Big day.
Guess we're all excited.
How much longer?
We should know in
less than an hour.
You look beautiful,
Adalind.
Well, we all do what
we can for the cause.
Can I get you
a cup of coffee?
Sure.
Please.
I want you to know that
we all worked very hard
to bring Diana
back to you.
I didn't think
I'd ever see her again.
Adalind, uh...
I confess I don't know
everything about you,
but I do know about your
relationship with the Grimm.
I know he's the father
of your son.
He was good to me.
And he didn't have to be.
Don't ask me
to betray him.
He will try to stop us,
if he can.
Whatever happens to him, you
cannot take it personally.
Now, where is he?
I'm not going
to tell you that.
We Will find him.
But I won't have helped.
Nick!
What are you doing here?
Can I come in?
Uh, sure.
Did something happen to Hank?
No, Hank's fine.
He's getting a safe house
ready for you.
A safe house? What?
What's wrong?
Am I in some kind of danger?
Have you ever heard
of Black Claw?
No, what is it?
It's a very
dangerous organization.
Now the guy who broke into your
house last night was one of them.
He was going after Hank.
Oh, my God!
We're afraid now they
know about you and Hank,
that you're
the next target.
So, pack whatever you can,
enough for a week.
What? I can’t just leave!
You're not safe here.
Hank will be by in
a half hour to pick you up.
I'll be right outside
in my car until then.
Don't worry, everything
is going to be okay.
Just, do not
use your phone.
We can't assume
that those are safe.
But I didn't do anything.
Unfortunately,
knowing Hank is enough.
So, lock the door behind me.
Do not open it again
unless it's me or Hank.
Yeah?
We've got a problem.
Burkhardt is here. He's
taking me to a safe house.
Why?
Because of Hank.
They figured out that
Tony was here for him.
Do they suspect you?
No.
Why would they be
taking me to a safe house?
Now I'm supposed to pack
for a week.
What do you want me to do?
Cooperate.
Pack for a week and go.
That's enough for now.
So, I guess we didn't meet
by accident.
I really felt
something for you, Zuri.
Hank...
You unlocked the door.
No, I didn't. I...
Stop.
You unlocked the door,
and you gave Tony my phone.
You don't understand.
They made me do it.
Hank, I love you,
but they threatened me,
and my brother.
I just did
what I had to do.
I love you, Hank.
I love you.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, I'm sorry, too.
Where am I?
Doesn't matter where you are.
What matters is
what comes next.
Two roads diverged in a yellow
wood and you cannot travel both.
So which is it gonna be?
Occultatum Libera.
Guess she chose
the rough road.
Okay, I'm going to
get a cup of coffee.
She's all yours.
So, you don't
want to talk.
Then I guess you won't
be needing your mouth.
It doesn't get
much better from here.
With 38% of the votes counted,
Channel 8 has declared
Sean Renard
the new Mayor of Portland
in what appears
to be a landslide.
Let's go live now
to the Benson Hotel.
I'm told that Police Captain,
and now Mayor-elect
Sean Renard is
on his way down,
and that he will be
making a victory speech.
In fact, here he comes now.
Thank you!
Thank you very much.
Thank you, everyone!
Thank you!
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Now, first and foremost
I would like to congratulate
my opponent, Steven Gallagher,
on a well-fought campaign.
No, no. Come on.
I just got off
the phone with Steven,
and he conceded
and congratulated us.
That's right.
I want to thank you all.
All of my supporters and
to the people of Portland,
those who voted for me
and those who did not.
It is time for us to
overcome our differences
and to work together
to make Portland
an even greater city
than it already is!
Now, there are a lot of people
that I need to thank tonight,
but I would like to begin
with the love of my life
and the mother of
my children, Ada/ind.
Please, come up
and join me.
Come on, darling. Come on.
Get up there.
Please.
Come here, you.
Thank you!
Yes?
Do you know
where they took her?
As long as we know
where she is,
we know where they are.
Wait for my call.
Thank you.
You're dead.